you may have never heard a final mass
the company responsible for the
creatively named final Mouse but despite
its obscurity the final mass that is to
say the mouse and I guess by extension
the company too has generated enough
minds that in spite of the premium price
point and lack of any sort of pedigree I
not only bought into the hype and bought
one before they had even announced that
it was on sale but it also managed to
stay out of my pile of false hope and
broken dreams
intel brings ddr4 to the mainstream with
their new core i7 6700 K and Core i5
6600 K processors click now to learn
more so where did the so-called hype
come from it certainly has nothing to do
with the ergonomic design the astute
among you may have even noticed it's
just an off-the-shelf
om design you can find mice like this
for ten dollars and it's exactly the
same shell but let's take a tour of it
anyway
it has a soft touch coating for the main
body a glossy plastic right side and
textured plastic on the left it has a
thin malleable braided cable a left like
right like a screw wheel to the months
and one dpi button that cycles through
400 800 1600 and 3200 dpi rollers nary
right yeah I know it's not but in spite
of the generic appearance the inside
guts do get more interesting the sensor
is actually the acceleration for a 33 10
that can also be found in other
well-regarded than or pedigreed mice
including the SteelSeries rival rocket
KPM and Zowie FK 2 but there is a big
difference final mass offers no
customizability of dpi steps lights mun
commands or polling rate because they've
designed the final mouse to be genuinely
driverless not like oh you can opt not
use drivers but you can't change lights
and stuff there's nothing you can change
and no drivers you can install even if
you wanted to and even the packaging is
bare with just the small slip of paper
with instructions and a final mass
sticker this kind of sounds like a bad
thing but it's actually not I'm on the
mess when it was first announced and I
I hated it no I wanted to hate it the
build quality was terrible the buttons
were loose the mass feet were poorly cut
in place and the bottom of the mouse
would actually catch on my mouse pad at
$70 why would anyone care about the
final Mouse furthermore why am i
bothering to do this video well in spite
of a
plain design and subpar build quality it
actually does perform and you know
that's their aim pure performance final
most have put quite a bit of work into
perfecting the sensor controller and
firmware of this mouse while I can't
specifically reveal their secret sauce I
can say that I spoke at length with one
of their engineers that may have put in
a ton of work into massaging the 3310
sensor in this mouse to be the best that
can possibly be for competitive gaming
they told me they put more power into
the sensor designed the circuitry to be
as low latency as possible and show
settings that their team found to be the
most stable and accurate rather than
simply shooting for the biggest most
marketable number which is why they went
with a 500 Hertz polling rate instead of
1000 and why their dpi tops out at 3200
the entire team behind the mouse play
csgo at the legendary Eagle level or
higher and being SMF see myself I feel
like they're making a mess I've been
looking for I've personally tested all
the big hitters this is the first one I
felt actually improved my game it's just
so light and responsive so while I
wanted to hate it based on the horrific
build quality my aim and csgo has never
been so good
I can make click shots in the face with
such speed and precision that I feel
guilty it's enough to make me wonder if
this mouse from this unknown company has
a built-in aimbot despite the amazing
accuracy the build quality was so bad I
had to shelve my first unit fortunately
they have a three-year warranty and are
very responsive the revised summer
edition comes with a whole host of
welcome fixes and tweaks the new Mouse
feet no longer catch on my mouse pad the
back button no longer shakes and they're
looking to make even more changes going
forward as a result of feedback from the
community specifically me that's a lie
kind of AD 74 grams they've crafted an
incredibly light mass the G 100's mm
this has come close if you remove the
weight inside them but they lack some
buttons compare that to the Logitech G
303 at 80
grams the rocket KPM at around 90 grams
or the SteelSeries rival at 128 grams it
feels less like you're moving an object
and more like it's just part of your
hand the liftoff distance is 1 to 1.5
CDs depending on your mousepad color and
while the DPI settings seem limiting
it's all you really need for most games
and more than enough for csgo where
higher ranked players often stick to dpi
zone 400 to 800 Mouse tester and in-game
chess confirm that there is no
acceleration and it just feels
responsive and that's really it so in
summary the light is kind of annoyingly
bright the build quality is suspect at
times and the price seems a bit too high
but the three year warranty is
impressive the tracking performance is
amazing second to nothing else that I've
tried and it's the lightest Mouse in the
category so if you want something that
simply performs the final most might be
your final mouse
that's so cheesy I love it you know what
else you might not need to shop for
again a mobile carrier if you switched
the ting because ting is focused on
customer service and customer
satisfaction first when you call their
support line you don't get sent through
a gauntlet of robots you speak to a real
human being right from the get-go
I'm not robot I'm a real human being
the average ting user only pays about
$23 per month per device and they want
to prove that switching to ten could
save you money as well if you head over
to our link Linus Singh Kham you can
check out their savings calculator where
you can key in your usage for your last
few months as well as how much you paid
during those months and find out what
you would have paid through ting for the
same amount of service so all that
sounds pretty good to you head over to
our link again that's lino stay calm and
when you sign up you will get $25 in
service credit or $25 towards a new
device thanks for watching guys if this
video sucks you know what to do but if
it was awesome get subscribed hit that
like button and even consider supporting
us directly by using our affiliate code
to shop at Amazon buy a cool t-shirt
not like this one or with a direct
monthly contribution through the
community for own now that you're done
doing all that stuff you are probably
wondering what to watch next
so lick that little button in the top
right corner to check out the moving
vlog where we all move stuff